c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\bin\Debug\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN.exe.config
c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\obj\Debug\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\obj\Debug\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN.myApi.resources
c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\obj\Debug\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\bin\Debug\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN.exe
c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\bin\Debug\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN.pdb
c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\obj\Debug\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN.exe
c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\obj\Debug\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN.pdb
c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\elustgarten\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\code\sample-winservice-owin\src\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\bin\Debug\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN.exe.config
C:\code\sample-winservice-owin\src\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\obj\Debug\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN.exe
C:\code\sample-winservice-owin\src\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN\obj\Debug\Apprenda.Sample.OWIN.pdb
